Best practices for integrations (#783)
vtexdocs/dev-portal-content: docs/guides/Orders/orders-feed.md

Configuring and using Feed v3 and Hook is only allowed when authorization is granted in the Order Management module.

The feed's application key must have a [role](https://help.vtex.com/en/tutorial/roles--7HKK5Uau2H6wxE1rH5oRbc#) with one of the appropriate resources: `Feed v3 and Hook Admin` or `Feed v3 and Hook view only`, depending on the intended use.

> >⚠️ Each appKey can configure or access only one feed. This means that different users sharing an appKey access the same feed. In this case, if a user commits an item to the queue, the item is removed from the feed and won't be available for any users sharing the same appKey. Therefore, we recommend configuring one feed per appKey per user, ensuring that each user has access to their own feed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>⚠️ Each appKey can configure or access only one feed. This means that different integrations sharing an appKey access the same feed. In this case, if a integration commits an item to the queue, the item is removed from the feed and won't be available for any integrations sharing the same appKey. Therefore, we recommend configuring one feed per appKey per integration, ensuring that each integration has access to their own feed.
```

> >⚠️ Each appKey can configure or access only one feed. This means that different users sharing an appKey access the same feed. In this case, if a user commits an item to the queue, the item is removed from the feed and won't be available for any users sharing the same appKey. Therefore, we recommend configuring one feed per appKey per user, ensuring that each user has access to their own feed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
>⚠️ Each [appKey](https://help.vtex.com/en/tutorial/application-keys--2iffYzlvvz4BDMr6WGUtet) can configure or access only one feed. This means that different users sharing an appKey access the same feed. In this case, if a user commits an item to the queue, the item is removed from the feed and won't be available for any users sharing the same appKey. Therefore, we recommend configuring one feed per appKey per user, ensuring that each user has access to their own feed.
```
